honestly my high expectations of your of
the two of you have fallen as flat as a
lead balloon that was not satellite
fever that was not perfect synchronicity
and you two should have stormed through
this ballroom here with that routine
tonight and you didn't
oh dear friend knew you were good you
were strong you and eat you shop you
weren't no he wasn't
no he wasn't but he was a riot just a
baby why you won't but it is my turn
boost yes you know for the day don't
worry yeah okay that wasn't a good
enough standard of dance routine through
a girl of her talent that's my feeling
to do the roundabout twice you know
you know that's a simple pimple step you
could teach anyone it all that said it
in well I'm expecting so much from this
girl I know your talent Brendon you can
produce fantastic routines that wasn't
up to your standard and for me the whole
thing and you listen to him and just get
on with your dancing
[Applause]
just a moment okay brewing is to is
unbelievable beasts like herring Judi
Dench in reading the Yellow Pages I mean
come on okay again
week eight you have talent you've got it
this was a sambar barely alive really is
not worthy of you both of you
I almost agree with you well I do agree
with you in fact those we had eight
hours on the stands and I know it it's
time table isn't your poppers yeah just
do you've got to let your feet do this
you'll say I'm just gonna finger the
time and knock your mouth yeah yep it's
just just about your feet wide yeah yeah
yeah show us what because we don't doing
another chance we'll be doing a glitch
everyone that's nice everything is like
you know I dunno how many hours you know
I'm saying for the amount of time we put
in we did an okay job stop expecting to
beat like the world's best dancer
because she's not she is a done who's
twice in a dance in one week okay
[Applause]
and I haven't said that for 40 years and
by god it feels sure right Trey sorry
we've missed you a lot yeah
disappointed technically not brilliant
really under sorry everybody true it's
true just cause you say Brendan but you
know everybody loved it I'm gonna make
you my cake without actors being next
week's tasks over to you Tess no I mean
he said that you could both do better
yourself included Brendan with by
agreeing to see him do better seriously
you know I think I'm so fed up of the
negativity timeout time she is not a
professional dancer she has been
learning Samba for four days one of
which we couldn't do three days eight
hours you cannot expect the Brendan that
was shocking it wasn't fantastic but it
was okay there's still some positive in
there I know remember yeah I mean every
week we you know is if some dances work
for you in sundown and I struggle with
the sound for a week and I was getting
up at 6:00 in the morning and trying to
get the simplest steps right and I just
it just wasn't going in I think we're
all at that stage now where we're tired
and you actually see in the real great
dancers for that actually the ones that
probably it wasn't your strongest dance
well no and also I feel that you know I
think we said you know we kind of I
think we did well the first you set
yourselves a very nice standards right
agency yes every week can we not make it
out I know it should be better but I
know we can
well the Super's arranges let's see what
the judges that's not a good example of
what with New Zealanders right elect the
scores from the judges kraid Revel
Horwood
seven
Arlene Phillips 7 Len Goodman
[Applause]
Bruno Tonioli and Brennan's fate is now
in your hands